Blurry Raisin Yak

high

# Attacker can steal funds due to settling PnL with wrong price on a liquidation

## Summary

When a liquidation happens, the PnL is settled with an old price and that will cause an unfair PnL distribution. An attacker can use that in order to steal funds from LPs.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability resides in the `LiquidationModule` of the Flat Money protocol, where the `liquidate()` function is designed to enable liquidators to close out positions. The core issue stems from the function's use of an outdated price for PnL settlement:

```solidity
    vault.updateGlobalPositionData({
>>      price: position.lastPrice,
        marginDelta: -(int256(position.marginDeposited) + positionSummary.accruedFunding),
        additionalSizeDelta: -int256(position.additionalSize) // Since position is being closed, additionalSizeDelta should be negative.
    });
```

The `updateGlobalPositionData()` function is tasked with reconciling PnL since the last update, affecting the distribution of funds between long and short positions based on price fluctuations. The erroneous use of `position.lastPrice` (the entry price) instead of the real-time market price leads to inaccurate PnL calculations.

A potential attack scenario unfolds as follows:

1. The attacker initiates a position at a price of $2000 USD with minimal margin requirements.
2. After some time, the market price plunges to $1000 USD, triggering a liquidation of the attacker's position.
3. PnL is inaccurately settled using the $2000 USD price, resulting in disproportionate losses being allocated to LPs.
4. The attacker then deposits stable collateral, obtaining an inflated number of shares due to the discrepancy in prices.
5. Once the price is corrected and PnL recalculated, the attacker withdraws the stablecoin collateral, realizing a profit that is twice the initial deposit.

## Impact

An attacker will steal funds from LPs due to the wrong price used on PnL calculations during a liquidation. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/LiquidationModule.sol#L159-L163

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To address this vulnerability, it is imperative to adjust the PnL settlement logic to utilize the current market price rather than the entry price of the position being liquidated. The recommended code modification is as follows:

```diff
    vault.updateGlobalPositionData({
-       price: position.lastPrice,
+       price: currentPrice,
        marginDelta: -(int256(position.marginDeposited) + positionSummary.accruedFunding),
        additionalSizeDelta: -int256(position.additionalSize) // Since position is being closed, additionalSizeDelta should be negative.
    });
```

Implementing this change will ensure that PnL settlements during liquidations are based on accurate, up-to-date market prices, thereby mitigating the risk of exploitation and safeguarding LP assets.