Proper Tweed Fish

high

# Incorrect implementation of `checkSkewMax` in the `announceStableWithdraw` function

## Summary
The current usage of `checkSkewMax` while announcing the withdrawal of collateral tokens using the `announceStableWithdraw` function is not correct.

## Vulnerability Detail
`checkSkewMax` is defined as follows:

```solidity
    function checkSkewMax(uint256 _additionalSkew) public view {
        // check that skew is not essentially disabled
        if (skewFractionMax < type(uint256).max) {
            uint256 sizeOpenedTotal = _globalPositions.sizeOpenedTotal;

            if (stableCollateralTotal == 0) revert FlatcoinErrors.ZeroValue("stableCollateralTotal");

            uint256 longSkewFraction = ((sizeOpenedTotal + _additionalSkew) * 1e18) / stableCollateralTotal;

            if (longSkewFraction > skewFractionMax) revert FlatcoinErrors.MaxSkewReached(longSkewFraction);
        }
    }
```

`_additionalSkew` is added to the `sizeOpenedTotal` (numerator), whenever a user adds more leverage to his position. This implementation of `checkSkewMax` makes sense in a function like `announceLeverageOpen`. But, this implementation is wrong for the function `announceStableWithdraw`.

In `announceStableWithdraw`, it is used as `vault.checkSkewMax({additionalSkew: expectedAmountOut});`, where `expectedAmountOut` is the number of collateral tokens a user gets when they burn their LP tokens. So, note that the collateral tokens are decreased from the protocol when the user withdraws. Additional skew to the leverage is not added when the user withdraws their collateral from the protocol. Hence, this value needs to be subtracted from the `stableCollateralTotal`(denominator) instead of being added to the `sizeOpenedTotal` (numerator). For `announceStableWithdraw`, the `longSkewFraction` should be defined in the following way:

```solidity
uint256 longSkewFraction = ((sizeOpenedTotal) * 1e18) / (stableCollateralTotal - _additionalSkew);
```

## Impact
`checkSkewMax` is an important invariant of the system checking that the system is not too skewed towards the longs. Its incorrect usage breaks the invariant.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/bba4f077a64f43fbd565f8983388d0e985cb85db/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L132

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/bba4f077a64f43fbd565f8983388d0e985cb85db/flatcoin-v1/src/FlatcoinVault.sol#L294C1-L308C1

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For `announceStableWithdraw`, define the `longSkewFraction` in a similar fashion as the following:

```solidity
uint256 longSkewFraction = ((sizeOpenedTotal) * 1e18) / (stableCollateralTotal - _additionalSkew);
```
