Tangy Tartan Blackbird

high

# Attacker can sell a position which is pending to close.

## Title
Attacker can sell a position which is pending to close.

## Summary
`DelayedOrder.sol#announceLeverageClose` function lock the position to close.
But an attacker can unlock the locked position by calling `LimitOrder.sol#cancelLimitOrder` function.
Thus attacker can sell a position which is pending to close.

## Vulnerability Detail
`DelayedOrder.sol#announceLeverageClose` function is the following.
```solidity
    function announceLeverageClose(uint256 tokenId, uint256 minFillPrice, uint256 keeperFee) external whenNotPaused {
        ......
        // Lock the NFT belonging to this position so that it can't be transferred to someone else.
        // Locking doesn't require an approval from the leverage trader.
        leverageModule.lock(tokenId);
        ......
    }
```
From comment, we can see that the token which is pending to close should not be transferred to someone else.

On the other hand, `LimitOrder.sol#cancelLimitOrder` function is the following.
```solidity
    function cancelLimitOrder(uint256 tokenId) external {
        ......
        // Unlock the ERC721 position NFT to allow for transfers.
        ILeverageModule(vault.moduleAddress(FlatcoinModuleKeys._LEVERAGE_MODULE_KEY)).unlock(tokenId);
        ......
    }
```
So an attacker can unlock the position which is pending to close and sell it to someone else.

Example:
1. Suppose that `user1`(attacker) owns `tokenId1` position.
2. Attacker set `tokenId1` as pending to `LimitClose` by calling `LimitOrder.sol#announceLimitOrder` function.
3. Next attacker set `tokenId1` as pending to `LeverageClose` by calling `DelayedOrder.sol#announceLeverageClose` function.
4. Next attacker unlock `tokenId1` by calling `LimitOrder.sol#cancelLimitOrder` function.
5. Next attacker sell `tokenId1` to `user2`.
6. After a short time, the pending order with `LeverageClose` type is executed by keeper and the margin of the position are sent to `user1`(attacker).

## Impact
Attacker can sell a position which is pending to close.
Thus the buyer of the position will lose fund deposited to buy the position.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/LimitOrder.sol#L94

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
We recommend that check if the position is already locked when locking a position.