Restless Indigo Manatee

medium

# Improper State Management in Canceling Orders

## Summary
The **cancelExistingOrder** function in the **DelayedOrder** contract does not properly manage the contract's state when orders are canceled. This can lead to inconsistencies, especially in how locked tokens or collateral are handled post-cancellation.
## Vulnerability Detail
If a user cancels an order that has already locked certain assets (like LP tokens or collateral), the function might not adequately revert these locks, potentially leaving the assets in a locked state. For instance, a user with 500 LP tokens locked for a withdrawal might cancel their order, but the tokens could remain locked, rendering them unusable for other transactions.

```solidity
function cancelExistingOrder(address account) public {
    FlatcoinStructs.Order memory order = _announcedOrder[account];
    // ...
    delete _announcedOrder[account];
    // Missing: logic to unlock or revert the locked state of tokens
}
```
## Impact
Suppose a user locks 500 LP tokens for a withdrawal and then decides to cancel this order. If the cancellation doesn't unlock these tokens, the user is left with 500 unusable LP tokens, impacting their liquidity and ability to engage in further transactions.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L415-L426
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
**Enhanced State Reversion Logic:**
Implement comprehensive logic to revert the state changes (like unlocking tokens) when an order is canceled.

```solidity
function cancelExistingOrder(address account) public {
    FlatcoinStructs.Order memory order = _announcedOrder[account];
    // ...
    if (order.orderType == FlatcoinStructs.OrderType.StableWithdraw) {
        // Logic to unlock the LP tokens
        stableModule.unlock({account: account, amount: /* withdrawal amount */});
    }
    // Handling for other order types
    delete _announcedOrder[account];
}
```
This fix ensures that when an order is canceled, any locked assets or state changes are properly reverted, maintaining the integrity of user assets and the contract's state.