Swift Peach Hippo

high

# Malicious users can honeypot other users by adjusting their position  right before the sale

## Summary
The NFT can be sold on the secondary market, and sellers can monitor transactions in the transaction pool to front run, adjusting their positions to minimize the funds in their positions as much as possible.

## Vulnerability Detail
When calling `executeOpen()` to open a position, the user receives an NFT. This NFT can be sold on the secondary market. When the owner of the NFT decides to sell it, they can observe the mempool. Upon detecting the sale transaction, they can front-run this transaction by calling `announceLeverageAdjust()` to adjust their position, followed by executing this adjustment to minimize their current position as much as possible.

Within the `announceLeverageAdjust()` function, the protocol sets a minimum executable time. According to the code in the test file, the protocol is configured with a 10-second minimum executable time. However, 10 seconds is more than enough time to execute this attack.
```solidity

     vaultProxy.initialize({
            _owner: admin,
            _collateral: IERC20Upgradeable(address(WETH)),
            _maxFundingVelocity: 0,
            _maxVelocitySkew: 0.1e18, // 10% skew to reach max funding velocity
            _skewFractionMax: 1.2e18,
            _stableCollateralCap: type(uint256).max,
            _minExecutabilityAge: 10 seconds,
            _maxExecutabilityAge: 1 minutes
        });

```

Here's a breakdown of the scenario:

User A owns the NFT, which represents 100 rETH.
User A sells the NFT on the secondary market for 80 rETH.
User B purchases the NFT.
User A observes the transaction in the mempool and quickly adjusts their position to only have 1 rETH.
User A receives 99 rETH + 80 rETH, while User B receives only 1 rETH.

## Impact
Malicious users can honeypot other users

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L217-L278

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Set a longer time lock duration.
