Feisty Pecan Pig

high

# User can burn their NFT causing incorrect global position data

## Summary
Users can burn their NFT representing their open leverage position.

Alice opens a leverage position, and gets minted an NFT representing that position to her address. She then burns her NFT right before a liquidation or at any other time, at little to no loss for her, since her position was going to get liquidated anyway. (The NFT is only locked and untransferrable during closing/adjusting an open position). 

By burning the NFT, this makes the liquidation fail because it cannot burn the already burned NFT. Her `_positions` mapping for that NFT remains intact and inert as a ghost position in the system. The `_positions` data for that `tokenId` of the NFT is perfectly intact but now the underlying NFT is no longer associated with the owner of that position. 

The liquidation was the sole way to forcefully delete a NFT position `_positions` via the `vault.deletePosition(tokenId)`.

(If for some reason user EOA cannot burn their owned NFT, a smart contract can create a position and hold the NFT position, and inherit `ERC721LockableEnumerableUpgradeable` and will have the ability to call `_burn()` directly, identically to how the `LeverageModule.sol` is able to call `_burn()` directly).

## Vulnerability Detail
See Summary.

## Impact
The `GlobalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` is permanently inflated by the burned positions `Position.marginDeposited`, and the `GlobalPositions.sizeOpenedTotal` is permanently inflated by `Position.additionalSize`. 

The burned `_positions.marginDeposited` and `_positions.additionalSize` get permanently stuck in the system inflating the global values, which negatively impacts the truth of the systems accounting in various places. The skew would be permanently and artificially tilted more towards the leverage longs, which effects the dynamic funding rate, which has an impact on ALL trader/UNIT LP'er accrued funding fee amounts that they have to pay or receive.

This would also disallow the system from completing the final stable coin withdraw, because the check of the `sizeOpenedTotal != 0` would get triggered because the stuck long position still exists.

The incorrect `VaultSummary` trickles down and effects many things related to the global positions. For example, the vault summary effects `_getMarketSummaryLongs()` which effects `fundingAdjustedLonPnLTotal()` which effects `stableCollateralTotalAfterSettlement()` which effects the calculation of the `_stableCollateralBalance` value, which effects the `stableCollateralPerShare()` which effects how much UNIT is minted per rETH.

Also, automated keepers would try to liquidate this ghost position whenever it is liquidatable, but their calls would fail (cannot burn already burnt NFT position) and waste gas.

## Code Snippet
`LeverageModule.executeOpen()`, NFT minted to user when opening position: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/LeverageModule.sol#L111
`LiquidationModule.liquidate()` burn of NFT fails because already burnt: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/LiquidationModule.sol#L174
Cannot delete the ghost position through liquidations or any means `FlatcoinVault.deletePosition()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/FlatcoinVault.sol#L157
Cannot withdraw last stable coin request: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/StableModule.sol#L132-#L135


## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
* Consider making a function for `onlyOwner` so the owner can delete a position if the NFT `tokenId` is currently owned by the burn address.
* Consider always disallowing users to burn and/or transfer their NFT representing their position.