Polished Pewter Goose

high

# OracleModule#updatePythPrice() is inefficient and can lead to Unnecessary losses of funds for keepers

## Summary
`OracleModule#updatePythPrice()` is inefficient because it uses the `updatePriceFeeds` function which initiates fee payments for the keeper every time it's called in `DelayedOrder#executeOrder` regardless of whether the new data is the most recent or not.

## Vulnerability Detail
The Pyth network interface Natspec describes the `updatePriceFeeds` function as follows:
> The call will succeed even if the update is not the most recent.

This means each time the keeper calls `DelayedOrder#executeOrder`, they pay fees to updatePriceFeeds , even if the updated price is not the most recent. Alternatively, the Pyth network offers a more efficient function named `updatePriceFeedsIfNecessary`. This function is a wrapper around `updatePriceFeeds` and only allows updates when necessary, rejecting any fast updates if a price change isn't needed. A price update is considered necessary if the on-chain `publishTime` is older than the given `publishTime`, and it reverts if an update is not required, preventing unnecessary fee payments by the keeper.

According to Pyth protocol's data feeds for RETH/ETH at the time of writing this report, the price updates occur every 4 to 6 seconds, meaning there's a low probability of significant price changes for such pairs within a short time.

Consider this scenario with `updatePriceFeeds` for RETH/ETH ([Pyth Network Price Feeds](https://pyth.network/price-feeds/crypto-reth-usd)):
1. The keeper calls `DelayedOrder#executeOrder` to execute any valid pending orders, short or long.
2. `updatePythPrice` is invoked first as a modifier, internally calling `offchainOracle.oracleContract.updatePriceFeeds` to update the PythPrice before executing the orders. 
3. The keeper will still pay fees, even if the updated price is not the most recent
4. This can lead to significant fund losses for keepers on a large scale due to the current implementation of `updatePythPrice`.

## Impact
The keeper will loose ETH each time `updatePythPrice()` is called as a modifier when `DelayedOrder#executeOrder()` is used to execute pending orders. If keepers notice these losses, they might stop executing pending orders, and the system won't work as it should.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/OracleModule.sol#L69
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/abstracts/OracleModifiers.sol#L9-L22
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L386

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider replacing `updatePriceFeeds` with `updatePriceFeedsIfNecessary` in `updatePythPrice` function to ensure that the prices are updated and fees are paid only when necessary.

Check the link bellow for more details about both functions:
https://github.com/pyth-network/pyth-crosschain/blob/main/target_chains/ethereum/sdk/solidity/IPyth.sol#L103-L107
