Polished Pewter Goose

medium

# msg.sender Can Only Announce One Order At a Time

## Summary
Users can place only one order at a time because the `_prepareAnnouncementOrder()` function, used in each announce Order function, prevents creating multiple announce orders for the same msg.sender in the DelayedOrder contract

## Vulnerability Detail
When `msg.sender` calls `announceStableDeposit()` to announce his first order, the `_prepareAnnouncementOrder()` function is called internally. This function then calls `cancelExistingOrder()` to check if `msg.sender` has any expired orders to cancel before announcing a new one. `cancelExistingOrder()` is a public function that starts with two importants checks:


```solidity

function cancelExistingOrder(address account) public {

        FlatcoinStructs.Order memory order = _announcedOrder[account];

        if (order.orderType == FlatcoinStructs.OrderType.None) return;

        if (block.timestamp <= order.executableAtTime + vault.maxExecutabilityAge())
            revert FlatcoinErrors.OrderHasNotExpired();

```

Since the first `announceStableDeposit` order for `msg.sender` hasn't been created yet, `cancelExistingOrder()` will simply return here:

```solidity
if (order.orderType == FlatcoinStructs.OrderType.None) return;
```
And then the transaction will continue, resulting in the creation of `announceStableDeposit`.

Just after the first transaction is complete, if the same `msg.sender` calls `announceStableDeposit` again (to add more liquidity), The following will happen: `announceStableDeposit()` is invoked, which then calls `cancelExistingOrder()`. As I mentionned above `cancelExistingOrder()` function checks if msg.sender has announced order first, in this case the first check passes (the first order) and moves to the second check to verify if the first anounced order is expired to cancel it because creating a second one.

```solidity
if (block.timestamp <= order.executableAtTime + vault.maxExecutabilityAge())
            revert FlatcoinErrors.OrderHasNotExpired();
```

This check will fail and  `announceStableDeposit()` reverts because the first order hasn't expired yet. As a result, a liquidity provider can't announce a second stable deposit order or add more liquidity until their first order is executed or canceled.

## POC
Add the test bellow to [`Leverage.t.sol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/test/unit/Leverage-Module/Leverage.t.sol), and running the test will cause it to revert with `OrderHasNotExpired()`

```solidity
function test_announceDeposit_two() public {
        
        announceStableDeposit({
            traderAccount: alice, 
            depositAmount: 100e18,
            keeperFeeAmount: 0 
        });

        announceStableDeposit({
            traderAccount: alice, 
            depositAmount: 100e18,
            keeperFeeAmount: 0 
        });
}
```

## Impact
This issue can cause a Denial of Service (DOS) for users by restricting them to only announcing one order at a time, preventing full participation in various protocol functionalities (e.g., Stable Deposit, Open Leverage) simultaneously.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L67
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L72
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L634
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L644
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L421-L422

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend removing the `cancelExistingOrder()` function from `_prepareAnnouncementOrder()` to allow users to announce more than one order at time. you can also introduce a mechanism that encourages users to cancel their expired orders by themselves, maybe by gaining or losing points based on the number of expired orders they cancels.
