Gentle Snowy Turtle

high

# Potential for Loss of Funds in `announceLeverageOpen`

## Summary
The potential for loss of funds in the `announceLeverageOpen` function arises from the order of operations within the function, particularly the transfer of tokens before all necessary checks are completed to ensure that the order can be executed.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function transfers tokens from the caller to the contract before it has confirmed that the order can be executed. This is done with the `safeTransferFrom` function call:

 ```solidity
    vault.collateral().safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), margin + keeperFee + tradeFee);
 ```

After the tokens are transferred, the function performs several checks to determine if the order is valid. These checks include verifying the maximum fill price, checking leverage criteria, and ensuring that the position does not create bad debt:

 ```solidity
    if (maxFillPrice < currentPrice) revert FlatcoinErrors.MaxFillPriceTooLow(maxFillPrice, currentPrice);
    leverageModule.checkLeverageCriteria(margin, additionalSize);
    if (ILiquidationModule(vault.moduleAddress(FlatcoinModuleKeys._LIQUIDATION_MODULE_KEY)).getLiquidationMargin(additionalSize, maxFillPrice) >= margin)
        revert FlatcoinErrors.PositionCreatesBadDebt();
 ```

## Impact
If any of these checks fail after the tokens have been transferred, the function will revert, and the tokens will remain in the contract. Since the function does not include a mechanism to return the tokens to the sender in case of a failed check, the tokens are effectively stuck in the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L202

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The checks should be performed before any tokens are transferred. This ensures that if any condition is not met, the function will revert before the user's funds are moved. The code should be restructured as follows:

1. Perform all necessary checks to ensure that the order can be executed.
2. Only after all checks have passed, transfer the tokens from the caller to the contract.