Proper Tweed Fish

high

# In `settleFundingFees`, `_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` can be assigned a wrong value because of improper comparisons.

## Summary
`_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` can take a very different value than intended because of improper comparisons and break any calculations which are dependent on the `marginDepositedTotal`.

## Vulnerability Detail
Look at the following section in `settleFundingFees`:

```solidity
        // In the worst case scenario that the last position which remained open is underwater,
        // we set the margin deposited total to 0. We don't want to have a negative margin deposited total.
        _globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal = (int256(_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal) > _fundingFees)
            ? uint256(int256(_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal) + _fundingFees)
            : 0;
```

`int256(_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal)` is compared with `_fundingFees`. If `marginDepositedTotal` then `_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal ` equals uint256(int256(_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal) + _fundingFees). Otherwise, it's 0. This is alright in all cases, except when `_fundingFees` is negative but its magnitude is bigger than `_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal)`. In that case, the value of `int256(_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal) + _fundingFees`will be negative. uint256(-ve value) is equal to a very big positive value. For instance, uint256(-1) is equal to 115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913129639935.

Hence, `_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` will be assigned the wrong value.

## Impact
`_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` is assigned an incorrect value and as it is used throughout the protocol, it will lead to wrong calculations.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/bba4f077a64f43fbd565f8983388d0e985cb85db/flatcoin-v1/src/FlatcoinVault.sol#L230C1-L234C17

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Compare the magnitudes of `_globalPositions.marginDepositedTotal` and `_fundingFees` in the above code snippet.
