Restless Indigo Manatee

medium

# Insufficient Validation of Price Update Data

## Summary
The **executeOrder** function in the **DelayedOrder** contract lacks necessary validation for price update data provided by the Pyth network, potentially leading to transaction execution based on incorrect price information.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the **executeOrder** function, the contract processes price data (**priceUpdateData**) from an external source without adequate verification. For example, suppose an attacker provides a manipulated **priceUpdateData** array that significantly undervalues a certain asset. The contract, without proper validation, would use this false data to update prices, leading to orders being executed at these artificially low prices, thus causing financial losses to users who sell at these rates.

```solidity
function executeOrder(
    address account,
    bytes[] calldata priceUpdateData
) external payable nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
    updatePythPrice(vault, msg.sender, priceUpdateData);  // Vulnerability: No validation of data
    // ...
}
```

## Impact
**Financial Risks:** Users may incur losses due to transactions executed at incorrect prices.
**Market Manipulation:** Potential for exploitation by manipulating market prices.
**Loss of Trust:** Frequent incorrect order executions could erode user confidence in the platform.
## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-flatmoney/blob/main/flatcoin-v1/src/DelayedOrder.sol#L378-L386

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
**Implement Data Validation:**
Ensure the integrity and authenticity of **priceUpdateData** before using it for order executions.

```solidity
function validatePriceUpdateData(bytes[] calldata priceUpdateData) internal view {
    // Logic to validate the integrity and authenticity of the data
}

function executeOrder(
    address account,
    bytes[] calldata priceUpdateData
) external payable nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
    validatePriceUpdateData(priceUpdateData);  // Implementing validation
    // ...
}
```
